Adding upgrading documentation (#281)
airbnb/DeepLinkDispatch: README.md

if you use configurable path segments

### Upgrading

> When upgrading to the latest version you might need to make some changes. Read about it [here](UPGRADING.md).

Reviewer: Can we specify which versions to consider?
```suggestion
When upgrading to 5.x+ you may experience some breaking API changes. Read about them [here](UPGRADING.md).
```

Or did you want to keep it more general and specify version considerations in Upgrading.md?
